The problem that I was trying to solve was determining which particular structure would work best for which individual program and make it more efficient and cost effective. I approached the problems by comparing and contrasting each of the structures in accordance to the program and specifications for that particular system.  Understanding how each of the data structures work is vital when determining the appropriate structure that should be used for each program. Such as determining which one would be better suited for a program that needed more memory, or needed to be stored in such a way that a particular file could be recalled quickly.  

When I came across any roadblocks, I did have to look it up, from either the reading or what was recommended as extra. It does help to reference something else as well as reaching out to help to a tutor as someone more knowledgeable can help give insight that may otherwise be overlooked.  Working on these particular projects has helped me better understand the ins and outs of software design. Down more to its core level. I have become better equipped at understanding pseudocode as an outline design of the potential code.  It has helped me understand the steps in creating code as well as writing the code much better and more clearly.  This has also helped me understand when I begin to write code to have a better idea in mind as I begin to write it accordingly, such as knowing before I start that I will be putting everything into a binary tree over an array so that I can write my code accordingly.  
